[DOC] update to BEP process (#615)
bids-standard/bids-website: docs/extensions/index.md

a community-driven process to add a new modality or set of data types to
[the BIDS Specification][specification].

This site provides information about creating and working on BEP.

## BEP listing

You can see a list of all the BEPs on our [BIDS extension proposals page](./beps.md).

## BEP process

For more information about what is a BEP and how to get started working with a BEP,
visit [the BEP process page](./bep-process.md).

## BEP guidelines

> For more advices on working on a BEP,
> see our [guidelines](./guidelines.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further advice on working on a BEP, see our [guidelines](./guidelines.md).
```
